[ready for review] Improve the documentation for the translation (#2202)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/translation.md

---
height: 500px
name: Translation
alt: This illustration shows how global accessibility is reached through translation. A diverse team of three people are writing their contribution in each of the pieces of a puzzle. The pieces complete parallel arrows around the Globe. The arrows are labeled "Constantly updated" because this process is continuous.
---
Illustration of translation as a way to reach global accessibility. _The Turing Way_ project illustration by Scriberia.
Used under a CC-BY 4.0 licence.
DOI: [10.5281/zenodo.3332807](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807)
```

(ch-translation-motivation)=
## Motivation

Translation is **a key step for internationalisation of _The Turing Way_** and any efforts in this regard are really welcome.
Having translated versions of _The Turing Way_ can open the channels for communicating between communities of practice in several languages.
Translation is part of community building!

Potential translators are members of _The Turing Way_ community who would like to use the materials for teaching and communication and new members that are not yet part of _The Turing Way_ community but can contribute.

```{admonition} Remember
:class: tip

> You do not need to be fluent in English to contribute to the translations, you only need to speak your own language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to be fluent in English to contribute to the translations, you only need to understand written English and be able to write in your own language.
```
